From mark at codesourcery.com  Tue Feb 27 19:19:00 2001
From: mark at codesourcery.com (Mark Mitchell)
Date: Tue, 27 Feb 2001 11:19:00 -0800
Subject: Welcome!
Message-ID: <20010227111900W.mitchell@codesourcery.com>


Welcome to the `pooma-dev at pooma.codesourcery.com' mailing list.

The purpose of this list is for discussions about the development of
POOMA, not for administrative details regarding the POOMA contract,
etc.  This list is supposed to be a forum for technical discussions
about POOMA, religious wars about the placement of curly braces, and
violent cursing of the arcane C++ overloading rules.  Enjoy!

This list has the following subscribers at this point:

  Allan Stokes
  Jeffrey Oldham
  Jim Crotinger
  Julian Cummings
  Mark Mitchell	
  Scott Haney

(I don't have Steven Smith's email address yet...)

The list is being archived, but there's no web-based interface yet to
look at the archive yet.

Thanks,

--
Mark Mitchell                   mark at codesourcery.com
CodeSourcery, LLC               http://www.codesourcery.com


From mark at codesourcery.com  Tue Feb 27 22:00:34 2001
From: mark at codesourcery.com (Mark Mitchell)
Date: Tue, 27 Feb 2001 14:00:34 -0800
Subject: Timekeeping system
Message-ID: <20010227140034W.mitchell@codesourcery.com>


I have created accounts for all of you in our online time-keeping
system, located at `www.openair.com'.  (Jeff, you of course already
have one...)

The `Company ID' is `codesourcery'.  Your usernames/secret words are
in this table:

   Username	Word
   --------	----
   haney	maclover
   stokes	rower
   crotinger	crotinger
   cummings	cummings

Please change these ASAP by using the `My Account/My Options/Password'
choice when you sign in.

After that, click on `timesheets' at the top of the page.  Create a
new timesheet by using the `Create' box.  Correct the starting date;
it seems to like to start with 01/29/01, which is off by a month.  Use
your name for the timesheet name, "regular time" for the kind of time,
and "LANL: POOMA 2.4" for the default client.

Then, you'll get a grid that looks like an old fashioned time card.
Each day that you do some work, you put the number of hours (decimals
work for partial hours) in the box and click on the blue dot to enter
a one-line description of what you did.

Hit `Save' on the bottom of your timesheet when you're done.

When the week is over, you `submit' your timesheet for approval.  (It
then magically becomes a bill to the lab.) The system
semi-automatically generates invoices to the lab and allows us to
easily generate checks to pay you for your efforts, which really does
make it easier in the long run.

I know this all sounds a little baroque, but it's pretty easy once you
get used to it.  And, it's a very low-bandwidth site; a 56k modem is
empirically satisfactory.

Please let me know if you have any questions.

--
Mark Mitchell                   mark at codesourcery.com
CodeSourcery, LLC               http://www.codesourcery.com


